Job description

The people here at Apple don’t just build products — they build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionised entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Imagine what you could do here. The AppleCare Digital team is looking for a smart and hardworking person to join our team as a Senior Full Stack Developer. You will help build world-class tools & utilities along with prototype applications to help our business teams. The AppleCare Digital team services more than 3 billion customers a year across a broad range of digital platforms. The organisation is responsible for all support and service of digital content, web assets, customer tools and apps, communities, analytics, SEO and social media. We are the highest volume post sales support function in Apple and carry out to the highest standard of quality and innovation on behalf of our customers worldwide. The job is located in Bangalore, India.

Experience as a full stack engineer developing end to end solutions including server side and client side architectures. Experience developing applications using micro service and SOA based architectures with highly scalable solutions. Experience in developing desktop and mobile applications using modern engineering practices. Familiarity with Cloud Engineering principles and architectures to build Cloud Native solutions, and implementing everything as code. Familiarity with building solutions using scalable cloud services with Hybrid Cloud Architectures, Kubernetes Infrastructure, Secure Cloud Services, etc. Experience in designing reactive and fault tolerant applications using modern concurrency principles using Spring Reactor, Reactive Extensions, Light-bend stack, etc. Experience in designing and building cloud based responsive server side applications using server side technologies and languages (e.g. Java, Scala, Python, NodeJS, J2EE, GoLang, Spring, Hystrix, Lightbend, etc.). Experience in designing and building progressive offline-first responsive web/mobile client side applications using modern client side technologies and frameworks (React, Angular, Next.JS, Vue, Flutter, Reactive Native, etc.) Experience in building secure reliable applications with focus on vulnerability management, secure coding practices, OWASP standards, and understanding of tools like WebScan, Fortify, Web Inspect, SONAR, etc. Strong Experience in Engineering Maturity principles with focus on behavioural driven development, static code analysis, DevOps, and zero downtime applications. Knowledge in SQL(MySQL, Postgres, etc.) and No-SQL(MongoDB, CouchDB, Cassandra, Couchbase, etc.) databases. Knowledge of Messaging Middleware Infrastructure services like Rabbit MQ, Kafka, AWS Kinesis, etc. Ability to quickly build proof of concepts with production level standards to demonstrate the technical feasibility of the vision. Proficiency in applying object oriented design principles, functional programming design principles and recommended design patterns to create robust and scalable system design. Strong Experience in user experience design principles and designing single page progressive web applications with focus on responsiveness. Experience leading and mentoring by influence, leading without authority, and building a diverse intellectual community. Superb communication and collaboration skills Ability to translate business use cases into good taxonomy design. Demonstrable skills in understanding importance of data design and domain driven design. Strong knowledge of web support analytics. Good to have - knowledge of knowledge base management within Digital support space. Passionate about website usability with great instincts for improving customer support experience. Strong program or project management skills. Strong organisational proficiency and attention to detail with Excellent verbal and written communication skills including preparation and delivery of presentations, workshop design and facilitation. Experience working with geographically distributed teams Demonstrate the ability to independently handle projects and communicate clearly with partner team Ability to express ideas clearly, expertly, and diplomatically.
Skills & requirements

Envision the functional and non-functional requirements to create solutions from scratch.
To be able to define technologies, patterns and prototype solutions for new requirements to materialise it as a well functioning project.
Design client-side and server-side architecture using modern engineering practices.
Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design.
Develop and handle well-functioning databases and applications.
Quickly learn and adapt new technologies to quickly develop required POCs and influence.
Write effective APIs and use open source API’s (e.g. Google API’s).
Use test driven development to ensure responsiveness, consistency and efficiency.
Provide operations support, troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software.
Build security and data protection settings using enterprise security standards.
Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design.
Responsible for maintenance and improvements of the developed application.
Will be potentially involved in automation of QA and Operational processes.

Engineering Degree in Computer Science or related field At least 10yrs hands on experience in software development with specific experience building software applications end to end. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
